Attempt to explain the off path attack (#24)
martinthomson/train-protocol: draft-thomson-train-protocol.md

contains a packet that it accepts to prevent an off-path attacker from inserting
spurious rate limit signals.

> Some off path attackers may be able to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some off-path attackers may be able to both
```

observe traffic and inject packets. Attackers with such capabilities could

> observe 1RTT packets sent by an endpoint, create datagrams coalescing an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
observe packets sent by an endpoint, create datagrams coalescing an
```

> arbitrary TRAIN packet and the observed packet, send these datagrams and
> arrange for them to arrive at the peer endpoint before the observed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arbitrary TRAIN packet and the observed packet, and send these datagrams
such that they arrive at the peer endpoint before the original
```

> packet, maybe routing the spoofed packets in such a way that they bypass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
packet. Spoofed packets that seek to advertise a higher limit
than might otherwise be permitted also need to bypass any
```

> the rate limiters. The attacker will thus get arbitrary TRAIN packets accepted by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rate limiters. The attacker will thus get arbitrary TRAIN packets accepted by
```

> the peer, in an attempt to convince the endpoint that the rate limit is either
> much higher or much lower than the actual value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the peer, with the result being that the endpoint receives a false
or misleading rate limit.
```

> 

Reviewer: The one thing that I'd suggest adding.

```suggestion

The recipient of a rate limit signal therefore cannot guarantee that
the signal was generated by an on-path network element. However,
the capabilities required of an off-path attacker are substantially
similar to those of on path elements.

```
